I never imagined I would be this old in this system of things.
Time goes by so fast.
I'm on the infirm pioneer list, but it just doesn't feel like enough.
It seemed like yesterday that I had so much youthful energy.
I look around and I see the younger ones in the hall.
The congregation is very loving, but I just don't feel I have much to give anymore.
Others could notice I was feeling down.
I look at the beauty of our young ones.
What privileges in Jehovah's service await them?
How I remember the days of my youth?
In decades, I enjoyed the full-time service so much has changed.
In my heart, I still feel young, but my body wars against me.
I often reminisce about the old days, so many happy memories in Jehovah's service.
One of the elders came by with his wife to encourage me.
He shared Hebrew 610, which reads,
For God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work,
and the love you showed for His name.
They reminded me how much Jehovah appreciates whatever I can do now.
They both had struggled with similar feelings.
We had such a lovely time.
I was encouraged to meditate on the account of the needy widow.
And to imagine the look on Jesus' face when He saw her,
the needy widow gave all that she could out of her want.
But Jesus and Jehovah loved her very much.
I know they love me too.
I can still do so much to encourage others.
The young ones especially need our help.
I decided to reach out and encourage them.
Helping our young ones reach out to serve Jehovah.
Feels me with such joy.
I've been able to encourage others to enjoy and start their life of full-time service.
How grateful I am to Jehovah.